Add new versions of VB (#50590)
dotnet/docs: docs/visual-basic/whats-new/index.md

Visual Basic / Visual Studio .NET 2002\
The first release of Visual Basic .NET

## Visual Basic 17.13

Visual Basic 17.13 recognizes the `unmanaged` generic constraint. Visual Basic 17.13 recognizes the <xref:System.Runtime.CompilerServices.OverloadResolutionPriorityAttribute?displayProperty=nameWithType> for method resolution.

## Visual Basic 17.0

Visual Basic 17.0 enables the <xref:System.Runtime.CompilerServices.CallerArgumentExpressionAttribute?displayProperty=nameWithType>.

## Visual Basic 16.9

Visual Basic 16.9 enables consumption of init-only properties.

## Visual Basic 16.0

> Visual Basic 16.0 focuses on supplying more of the features of the Visual Basic Runtime (microsoft.visualbasic.dll) to .NET Core. It's the first version of Visual Basic focused on .NET Core. .NET Core 3.0 adds the parts of the Visual Basic Runtime that depend on WinForms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visual Basic 16.0 focuses on supplying more of the features of the Visual Basic Runtime (microsoft.visualbasic.dll) to .NET Core. It's the first version of Visual Basic focused on .NET Core. .NET Core 3.0 adds the parts of the Visual Basic Runtime that depend on Windows Forms.
```
